All right, so the for loop here is a very common one to use in shell scripting. Many systems admins
and engineers will even use them outside of a script and just write them on the fly.
As an example for your script--renaming script,
you want to do you want to loop through all the files in this Pictures/ directory and do something to
them so you can actually just write this out on the command line really quickly.
So 'for f' in this folder and everything inside of it,
'do' print the file name.
I'm just going to put a 'sleep 1' in here, which is just a simple command to wait one second so you
can kind of see how this is looping.
So there is printing off all the file names here.  IMG9912, IMG9913, IMG9914--all those different files.
So this is--this ad-hoc kind of a 'for' loop that you do here, systems engineers and admins will do this
a lot.
They'll type in...you know...'for f in ' "this-ten-servers, go log in and run this command and then be done."
Because a lot of times you'll have to do the same command on, you know, 10 or 20--hundreds of servers
all at once.
There's other tools that do that
but sometimes you just need to run one quick command and then that's a good way to just do it.
So the 'for' loop is pretty useful.
So if you did like an 'ls', you know--you'd get all the same information, but you're not actually looping
through it.
This is just a list of all the files.
So let's port this over to your script in the next lecture.